REGRESSION FOUND — SQL-008 silent on its own gallery sample. Do not push v1.6.0 to npm.

Reproduction:
  1. Open the playground (locally or production — the live deploy reproduces it).
  2. Click the SQL-008 sample button in the gallery.
  3. The loaded query is:
        SELECT * FROM users
        WHERE name = 'admin' || ' OR 1=1';
  4. Expected: SQL-008 fires (string-concatenation injection pattern).
  5. Actual: only SQL-015 fires. SQL-008 is silent.

What this means:
  - SQL-008's unit tests are passing (719/719) but the rule does not fire on
    its own canonical sample. There is a gap between what the unit fixture
    tests and what the gallery sample exercises. That gap is the bug.

Root-cause investigation steps:
  1. Diff packages/sdk/src/rules/sql-008-*.ts between v1.5 and current. If
     the rule logic changed at all in this expansion, the change is the
     suspect. If it did NOT change, the suspect is one of the shared
     helpers it depends on.
  2. Check whether SQL-008 uses func-names.ts or stmt-dispatch.ts. If yes,
     trace whether either helper now filters out the concat-operator
     (`||`) AST shape that SQL-008 relies on detecting.
  3. Run the analyzer against the exact gallery query in isolation
     (vibeguard-local CLI or a quick analyze() call):
        SELECT * FROM users WHERE name = 'admin' || ' OR 1=1';
     and dump the AST. Confirm what AST node shape SQL-008 is supposed to
     be matching, and whether that node shape is reaching the rule's
     check() function.
  4. Compare the gallery sample text against the unit-test fixtures for
     SQL-008. They may differ in a load-bearing way (whitespace, quoting,
     concat-operator placement). If so, the unit fixtures need to be
     updated to match the gallery sample, AND a new fixture added that's
     literally the gallery sample so this can never silently regress
     again.

Fix scope:
  - Restore SQL-008 firing on its gallery sample.
  - Add a test fixture that uses the gallery sample text VERBATIM, so any
    future refactor that breaks the gallery sample fails CI immediately.
  - Confirm no other gallery sample exhibits the same gap. Loop through
    all 36 samples programmatically: for each sample, the rule named in
    the sample's ID should fire when that sample is analyzed. This is a
    one-time test that should live permanently in the playground test
    suite.

Constraints (same as the original brief):
  - Do not change SQL-008's catch ID, severity, or confidence range.
  - Do not change any other rule.
  - Do not push to GitHub Pages until I've reverified the live deploy.
  - Do not publish to npm under any circumstances.

Report back with:
  - Root cause in one paragraph.
  - The diff of the fix.
  - Confirmation that all 36 gallery samples now fire their named rule
    when analyzed (the new permanent test).
  - Updated test count (currently 719; should be 719 + however many new
    fixtures you add).

We will not ship v1.6.0 until this is fixed and the live deploy is
re-verified.